Authors: 
Eric Schneider 
Julian Lott
Purpose:
Economic Sim is a command line tool for dungeons and dragons to simulate the day to day transportation, buying, and selling of goods in various towns. 
The towns shall be represented on a weighted directed graph. The weights between each town shall be calculated by a combination of euclidean distance
and user added penalties such as having a curvy, mountainous, clear, forested, etc route. 

The graph shall represented by a list of lists of nodes. 

Each town shall be represented as populations that prodcued, consume, buy, and sell depending on needs. A baseline
definition for the needs of a town shall be defined, but a specific town can have modifiers for demands to a specific good.
Additionally, "high roller" goods can be bought and sold on a one time basis (i.e a magic sword) Aside from high roller goods, 
the needs of a town should never be stored but should always be derived based off of the current context. Each town shall have a number id, 
and will be stored in a static towns dictionary that uses integers as keys. A static id shall be kept on hand. 

The goods shall be respresented using a goods structure conaining a description of the goods, decay rates, etc. Each good will not have a class; 
rather, the details of each good will be stored in json that can be instantiated as a specific good class. 
etc.

The actors shall be represented by their carrying capacity (which shall be derived from their number of horses and people). Additionally, functions will be 
exposed from the map using djikstra's algorithm that will allow the actors to decide what to sell and where. After getting a table using djikstra's algorithm, 
functionality will also be exposed to adjust the weights of each town based off the goods that expect to be able to buy and or sell per town.

Time 
For the purposes of time, we think of time in units of days. 

Tick
One unit of time passes. If an actor is at a town, they access the world and start moving to another town. If they are on their way to a town, they keep moving to that town. 
If they arrive at the town, they buy and sell things, and their movement ends for that turn. 